Added File Manager Config and added more detail to integration basics page for java suite, Fixed 2 minor IOS issues (#235)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Getting Started/Integration Basics/index.md

!@

@![android,javaSE,javaEE]
#### Optional SdlManager Builder Parameters
!@

@![android,javaSE,javaEE]
##### App Icon
This is a custom icon for your application. Please refer to [Adaptive Interface Capabilities](Displaying a User Interface/Adaptive Interface Capabilities) for icon sizes.

```java
builder.setAppIcon(appIcon);
```

##### App Type 
The app type is used by car manufacturers to decide how to categorize your app. Each car manufacturer has a different categorization system. For example, if you set your app type as media, your app will also show up in the audio tab as well as the apps tab of Ford’s SYNC3 head unit. The app type options are: default, communication, media (i.e. music/podcasts/radio), messaging, navigation, projection, information, and social.

```java
Vector<AppHMIType> appHMITypes = new Vector<>();
appHMITypes.add(AppHMIType.MEDIA);
appHMITypes.add(AppHMIType.PROJECTION);

builder.setAppTypes(appHMITypes);
```

!!! NOTE
Navigation and projection applications both use video and audio byte streaming. However, navigation apps require special permissions from OEMs, and projection apps are only for internal use by OEMs.

> !!!

Reviewer: @bilal-alsharifi Are navigation apps available to Java EE / SE apps?

Reviewer 2: Oh no. They are only supported on Android. good catch.

##### Short App Name 
This is a shortened version of your app name that is substituted when the full app name will not be visible due to character count constraints. You will want to make this as short as possible.

```java
builder.setShortAppName(shortAppName);
```

##### Template Coloring

> You can customize the color scheme of your templates. For more information, see the [Customizing the Template guide](Customizing Look and Functionality/Customizing the Template) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the color scheme of your initial template on head units that support this feature using the `builder`. For more information, see the [Customizing the Template guide](Customizing Look and Functionality/Customizing the Template) section.
```

Author: Change made.

!@

@![android,javaSE,javaEE]
#### Optional SdlManager Builder Parameters
!@

> @![android,javaSE,javaEE]

Reviewer: These are the same, so the lower one can be removed

Author: Done!
